Update README.md (#66)
forzagreen/n2words: README.md

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/n2words.svg)](https://npmjs.com/package/n2words)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/n2words)](https://npmjs.com/package/n2words)

> n2words is a library that converts a numerical number into an written number. We have support for multiple languages (25 and growing) and our package is lightweight, modular, and has minimal dependecies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
n2words is a library that converts a numerical number into a written number. We have support for multiple languages (25 and growing) and our package is lightweight, modular, and has minimal dependencies.
```

Author: Thanks, committed changes
